
# GuidedWaveModeDecomposition
## Content
1. Description
2. Objective
3. Dependencies
4. How to run
5. License
## Description
This repository holds some demonstration codes generated by the authors for the purpose of studing guided wave signals in tubes.The work was carried out at the University of Rio Grande do Sul (UFRGS) Brazil and used resources provided by the university.
Repository available [here](https://github.com/LamefGend/guided-wave-signal-processing-for-pipeline-repair).
## Objective
The purpose of this repository is to demonstrate three algorithms in guided wave processing.
1. Mode Decomposition
2. Optimal Base Substraction (OBS)
3. Optimal Stretch (OS)
The ideas of implementations are derived from works previously published by the original authors and are referenced in the codes.
## Dependencies
The scripts in this repository are developed using Matlab(r) 2013b.
The data provided by this repository are generated using the finite element software Abaqus(r) 6.14.
The dispersion curve present were obtained by Disperse(r).
All software listed are licensed to use by the university. 
## How to run
Using the Matlab, point to the repo folder and then run the add2path.m, this will add all the folders and sub folders to your Matlab search paths. After that run the "Demonstrations" scripts tha are located inside each folder.
## License
This repository content consists of data generated by the authors and is freely available under the terms of the CC BY 4.0 license.
The authors are not responsible for the use of the data. The scripts and algorithms in this repository that were possible by the third parties' works are property of the respective authors and are referenced inside the codes.